1. Who developed Python language?
Guido Van Rossum

2. Which type of programming does python support?
Object-oriented programming and structured programming

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language.

4. What is the correct entention of python file?
.py

5. Is python code compiled or interpreted?
Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a Python program is converted into bytecode that is then executed by the Python virtual machine.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language?
The following are blocks: a module, a function body, and a class definition.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments workiing on?
hash(#)

8. Mention functions which can hellp us to find the version of python that we are actually working on?
The function sys. version can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on

9. Python supports the create of annonymous function at runtime, using construct called-> lambda

10. what does pip stand for python?
an acronym of “pip Install Packages

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
print(), type(), input(), sorted(), pow()

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
79 characters

13. What are the benefits of using python?
i. easy to read annd learn
ii. high compatibility
iii. simplify complex software developement

14. How is memory menaged in python?
Python manages memory allocation using a combination of techniques

15. How to install python on windows and set path variables?
On Windows, right-click on the Computer or This PC icon and select “Properties.”
Click on “Advanced system settings” and then “Environment Variables.”
In the “System variables” section, find the variable called “Path” and click “Edit.”
Click “New” and add the path you copied earlier.

16. Is identation required in python?
Where in other programming languages the indentation in code is for readability only, the indentation in Python is very important. Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.